Add implementation of alias in DG (#246)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T09-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    * Pros: Faster deletion while still supporting deletion by one index.
    * Cons: Not able to undo the deletion if the user deletes the wrong batch, it would take a long time to key all the information back in.

### Aliases for different commands:

Aliases are alternative words that you can use to perform the same command. There are a few default aliases provided for every command.
Users can choose to use their most preferred alias to perform the command they want.

#### Implementation

> How the alias work is as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How the alias works:
```

> 1. When `Logic` is called upon to execute a command, it uses the `ConthacksParser` class to parse the user command.

Reviewer: Will this sound better?
```suggestion
1. When `Logic` is called upon to execute a command, it calls the `ConthacksParser` class to parse the user command.
```

> 2. During the parsing of the user command in `ConthackParser`, `ConthacksParser` separates out the `commandWord` string from the rest of the arguments inside the user command string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. As `ConthackParser` parses the user command, `ConthacksParser` separates the `commandWord` string from the rest of the arguments inside the user command string.
```

> 3. ConthacksParser will pass this `commandWord` string into `CommandWord` enum which contains all the aliases for the different commands, and `CommandWord` class will check if the `commandWord` string is an alias for any of our implemented commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `ConthackParser` will pass this `commandWord` string into `CommandWord` enum which contains all the aliases for the different commands, and `CommandWord` class will check if the `commandWord` string is an alias for any of our implemented commands.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `ConthackParser` will pass this `commandWord` string into the `CommandWord` class, which contains all the aliases for the different commands. Then, `CommandWord` class will check if the `commandWord` string is indeed an alias for any of our implemented commands.
```

> 3. ConthacksParser will pass this `commandWord` string into `CommandWord` enum which contains all the aliases for the different commands, and `CommandWord` class will check if the `commandWord` string is an alias for any of our implemented commands.

Author: ```suggestion
3. `ConthacksParser` will pass this `commandWord` string into `CommandWord` enum class which contains all the aliases for the different commands. Then `CommandWord` will check if the `commandWord` string is an alias for any of our implemented commands.
```

    * Pros: Faster deletion while still supporting deletion by one index.
    * Cons: Not able to undo the deletion if the user deletes the wrong batch, it would take a long time to key all the information back in.

### Aliases for different commands:

Aliases are alternative words that you can use to perform the same command. There are a few default aliases provided for every command.
Users can choose to use their most preferred alias to perform the command they want.

#### Implementation

How the alias work is as such:

1. When `Logic` is called upon to execute a command, it calls the `ConthacksParser` class to parse the user command.

> 2. As `ConthackParser` parses the user command, `ConthacksParser` separates the `commandWord` string from the rest of the arguments inside the user command string.

Author: ```suggestion
2. As `ConthacksParser` parses the user command, `ConthacksParser` separates the `commandWord` string from the rest of the arguments inside the user command string.
```
